Music plays: the song is "Another Star".

Clip of young Stevie Wonder performing alone with his harmonica appears on part of the screen. 
Another clip of teenage Stevie Wonder appears on screen at the same time, performing "Uptight". 
A third clip plays at the same time; an adult Stevie Wonder performs "Sir Duke" with his band.
A fourth clip appears; the music video for "Happy Birthday". All clips play together.
The title appears: The Life of Stevie Wonder, then fades. A subtitle appears: "Sir Duke, 2007".
The four clips disappear and leave a blank screen. A voiceover starts:

"Stevie Wonder’s 1975 double album “Songs in the Key of Life” holds an incredible range of musical genres and social themes that continue to influence modern musicians across the style spectrum. 
"Sir Duke" pays tribute to the great jazz stars of the 20th Century, integrating slick big band-style horns and bass with modern synthesizer and R&B vocals."

As the voiceover plays, we see photos of Stevie Wonder and zoom in slowly.
The first photo shows a side view of Stevie Wonder, about fifty-five years old, sitting at a piano, wearing a red t-shirt under a smart black jacket, singing intoa microphone. 
The second photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his late fifties, wearing a red dashiki, standing and performing on stage. He is playing a keytar; a small horizontal keyboard that is worn in front of the abdomen using a shoulder strap - like a guitar. 
The third photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his forties, smiling and looking downwards, as if thinking about what to say next.
The fourth photo shows a close up of Stevie Wonder giving a speech into a microphone; he is smiling as though he is sharing a joke with the audience.
The fifth photo shows a side view Stevie Wonder, in his fifties, performing and concentrating hard. We can just about make out the horn players in his band in the background.
The sixth photo shows the vinyl record cover for "Songs in the Key of Life". It shows a picture of Stevie Wonder in the middle of several red spirals and the title of the album in text.

The screen fades to black for a second and then the video begins. We see stage light in the distance over the heads of the audience.
We hear clapping to the rhythm of the song, the band and the audience are clapping. The horns come in and we see the band playing.
The camera cuts to a close up of Stevie Wonder. He wears a brightly coloured top and sits at a state-of-the-art Yamaha XS8 keyboard.
He sings "Everybody say na na na na!" The audience start to sing along.
We close up on Stevie again as he begins to sing the verse. We cut to his backing singers, three women and one man, who are dancing with their hands out and moving their arms from side to side in front of their abdomens.
We see the audience waving their arms and singing along to the chorus. The camera moves between each of Stevie's band members, including guitarists, bass player, keyboard player, drummers, backing singers, trombones, trumpets, and french horns.
We frequently cut back to see Stevie singing into the microphone at his keyboard with great energy.