Music plays: the song is "Another Star".

Clip of young Stevie Wonder performing alone with his harmonica appears on part of the screen. 
Another clip of teenage Stevie Wonder appears on screen at the same time, performing "Uptight". 
A third clip plays at the same time; an adult Stevie Wonder performs "Sir Duke" with his band.
A fourth clip appears; the music video for "Happy Birthday". All clips play together.
The title appears: The Life of Stevie Wonder, then fades. A subtitle appears: "Happy Birthday, 1981".
The four clips disappear and leave a blank screen. A voiceover starts:

"Many stars contribute to charitable and political causes that are important to them, yet few can honestly claim they have given as much back as Stevie Wonder. 
In addition to helping a number of registered charities, Wonder has a career-long record of political communication through music. 
The catchy and much-repeated “Happy Birthday” achieved an appropriate annual honour to civil rights legend Martin Luther King."

As the voiceover plays, we see photos of Stevie Wonder and zoom in slowly.
The first photo shows Stevie Wonder, about thirty years old, standing on stage with Marvin Gaye and Diana Ross. He wears his hair in corn rows and speaks seriously, but elatedly, to the audience, as though discussing a point of great interest. 
The second photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his fifties, performing on stage, sitting at a piano. Behind him is a big sign that says "Hope for Haiti now". 
The third photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his late forties, sitting at the UN with a placard in front of him that reads "Messenger of Peace". He looks serious, as though humbled by the honour and determined to do a good job.
The fourth photo shows a Stevie Wonder sitting next to President Barack Obama; they are both laughing as though one of them has just said something hilarious.
The fifth photo Stevie Wonder, in his fifties, facing the camera, holding a microphone and smiling, as though making a very important speech that will lead to great change. 
The sixth photo shows the vinyl record cover for "Happy Birthday". It shows a photo of a civil right rally with a big crowd as the background. In front of this is a photo of Martin Luther King Jr and text that says "Stevie Wonder: Happy Birthday: B/W Rev Martin Luther King excerpts from his greatest speeches, including "I have a dream".".

The screen fades to black for a second and then the video begins. We see the album cover for "Hotter Than July" fly into the centre of the screen three times. 
It is an artistic image of Stevie Wonder wearing his corn rows and looking enlightened.
Text appears at the bottom of the screen "Stevie Wonder: Happy Birthday: Hotter Than July 1981".
The sunglasses in the image of Stevie change; two pictures of a child Stevie appear, one in each of the lenses.
This image fades out to show a pastor counselling a young boy in a church.
This fades out to a photo of Martin Luther King giving a speech. This fades out to a short clip of Stevie Wonder playing piano and singing at home.
This fades out to show a short clip of a civil rights rally, with people marching and holding signs, which then fades out to show Stevie Wonder slowly clapping his hands to the rhythm. 
We then see him playing the piano and singing at home, as before. We then see Stevie Wonder travelling in the back of a taxi, moving his head from left to right, as though listening to a song he likes.
We then see two clips of Martin Luther King counselling distressed young children, and then another short clip of a civil rights rally.
This cuts to a clip of Stevie Wonder performing on stage, and then another photo of Dr King. 
We then see Stevie Wonder listening to headphones and moving his head from left to right, as though listening to a song he likes.
We see four pictures of Dr King on the screen, then the screen splits and the pictures disappear to reveal more video of the civil rights rally with people marching and holding signs.
We see a close up of Dr King pointing his finger forward, as though defending himself and making an argument in a debate.
We see another clip of Stevie Wonder performing, which cuts back to the civil rights rally. Hundreds of people are gathered together.
We see a view of the world from space which then fades back to the civil rights rally. We see Stevie Wonder's face appear above the video clip and then we see him performing again.
The video ends with a final still image of Martin Luther King giving a speech.