Music plays: the song is "Another Star".

Clip of young Stevie Wonder performing alone with his harmonica appears on part of the screen. 
Another clip of teenage Stevie Wonder appears on screen at the same time, performing "Uptight". 
A third clip plays at the same time; an adult Stevie Wonder performs "Sir Duke" with his band.
A fourth clip appears; the music video for "Happy Birthday". All clips play together.
The title appears: The Life of Stevie Wonder, then fades. A subtitle appears: "Fingertips, 1964".
The four clips disappear and leave a blank screen. A voiceover starts:

"Little Stevie Wonder began recording with Motown records at the age of 11. 
He seemed unaffected by fame and acted much like a normal kid, clamouring to play different instruments and asking for candy between sessions. 
It took some time to work out where this child star could fit in at Motown, but a breakthrough jazz hit called “Fingertips” brought Little Stevie Wonder to the world’s attention."

As the voiceover plays, we see photos of Stevie Wonder and zoom in slowly.
The first photo shows the cover for a very early Stevie Wonder vinyl album: "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie". Stevie Wonder wears a jumper and sunglasses and is clapping his hands to a rhythm.
The second photo shows the right hand profile of a young Stevie Wonder's head and shoulders. He is about twelve years old. He wears a smart suit and a short haircut and is looking thoughtfully upwards into the distance.
The third photo shows the young Stevie Wonder, about fifteen years old, playing harmonica whilst dancing and swinging his hips. He faces front and wears a smart suit and bow tie.
The fourth photo shows a young Stevie Wonder, about twelve years old, wearing a smart suit and leaning on his right elbow on a piano. He is laughing, as though someone has just told a joke.
The fifth photo shows young Stevie Wonder, about fourteen years old, singing into a microphone with Marvin Gaye, another Motown star in his twenties. They are recording a duet.
The sixth photo shows the round vinyl record of the hit single "Fingertips". It has a Tamla Motown label, and the title and the name "Little Stevie Wonder" in text.

The screen fades to black for a second and then the video begins. Stevie Wonder, fourteen years old, wearing a smart suit and skinny tie, claps his hands to the rhythm and says to the audience:

"Now, I want you to clap your hands, stomp your feet, jump up and down, do anything that you wanna do!"

Stevie Wonder begins to play the chromatic harmonica. We can hear a jazz band in the background, but only Stevie is visible on screen. He continues to play the harmonica and sway to the rhythm.
The camera films close up on Stevie Wonder's face as he intently plays the harmonica riff.
Stevie finishes the riff, puts his harmonica to his side, claps his hands and sings "Everybody say yeah!" Off-screen, he audience respond "Yeah!"
Stevie sings the vocal part of the song, clapping his hands and dancing. He puts one arm under each elbow as the jazz band continue to play the main riff.
The camera films close up on Stevie Wonder's face as he plays the final harmonica solo and the finishes the song.
The camera pans out to show his whole body, he blows the audience a kiss and smiles widely as the audience break into applause.