Music plays: the song is "Another Star".

Clip of young Stevie Wonder performing alone with his harmonica appears on part of the screen. 
Another clip of teenage Stevie Wonder appears on screen at the same time, performing "Uptight". 
A third clip plays at the same time; an adult Stevie Wonder performs "Sir Duke" with his band.
A fourth clip appears; the music video for "Happy Birthday". All clips play together.
The title appears: The Life of Stevie Wonder, then fades. A subtitle appears: "Uptight, 1965".
The four clips disappear and leave a blank screen. A voiceover starts:

"As Stevie Wonder, no longer “little”, moved into his late teens, his talent for writing and arranging music sent his career on an upward trajectory. 
Uptight was a joyous 60s anthem with a sharp and pulsing drum and bassline contributed by Motown’s finest session musicians; the funk brothers. 
Time has done nothing to diminish the effect, and no Wonder set is complete without an energetic performance of “Uptight”."

As the voiceover plays, we see photos of Stevie Wonder and zoom in slowly.
The first photo shows a side view of Stevie Wonder, about eighteen years old, sitting at a piano, wearing a smart suit, turning to face the camera with a chromatic harmonica to his lips. 
The second photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his late twenties, in the studio. He is wearing a 1980s style sweater with leather patches, large sunglasses, and his hair is styled in corn rows with beads. He sits smiling in front of a state-of-the-art synthesizer with six other keyboards behind him.
The third photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his early twenties, playing the keyboard. He wears a tight turtleneck jumper and looks upwards as he sings passionately into a microphone.
The fourth photo shows a close up of Stevie Wonder, in his mid-twenties, singing intently into a microphone, not smiling and concentrating. He wears a loose fitting shirt and his hair is short and natural.
The fifth photo shows Stevie Wonder, in his early thirties, looking to the right of the camera and smiling as though he has just recieved good news. He looks relaxed and wears his hair long.
The sixth photo shows the round vinyl record of the hit single "Uptight". It has a Tamla Motown label, and the title and the name "Stevie Wonder" in text.

The screen fades to black for a second and then the video begins. The title appears "Stevie Wonder: "Uptight (Everything's Alright)": released 1965".

Stevie Wonder, sixteen years old, wearing a smart suit and bow tie, appears behind a room full of male and female dancers, in their teens and twenties, wearing 1960s clothing. 
The camera cuts to Stevie Wonder, who is dancing energetically and clapping his hands in time to the intro music.
The camera pans out and shows us the room full of dancers again. Then, the camera zooms closer to Stevie Wonder and then cuts to a close up as he begins to sing the verse. 
He sings and smiles and claps his hands energetically when he is not singing.
We move between views of Stevie alone and the entire rooms for the rest of the video. Everybody is happy and enjoying the party. Finally, the song ends and the scene fades through to black.